Information according to ยง 5 TMG (German Law)

Kontakt:
E-Mail: return@tadris.de
Telefon: +49 33731 549618


Content Liability

According to German law I as provider of this service am responsible for the legality of the content. I am not responsible for user generated content saved and or transmitted to this service and cannot be expected to check all content or look for the circumstances of illegal activity.

I still do have responsibility to remove or block the usage of that illigal content though, but can only be held liable after being informed of it's existence. Upon receiving the information I will immediatly remove the content. 


Liability for Links

The services provided on the website might redirect the user to websites by third parties on whose content we do not have any influence and thereby cannot take any responsibility for. The responsibility for that content lies by the provider of the website. When linking to those websites there was no obvious illigal content on them. Permanent monitoring of these websites cannot be expected, if I become aware of illigal content on them I will immediatly remove the links.


Copyright

The content of this service is subject to German copyright law. The duplication, manipulation or distribution and any type of use outside the limits of the copyright law require explicit permisson of the creator or author of the content. Downloading or copying the contents of this website are only permitted for personal not commercial use. For content on this website not created by the provider please be aware of the copyright rights of the creators.


Changes to this service

I resever the rights to change or discontinue the services without notice or compensation caused by those actions. These terms of service are also subject to change without notice, for changes please review them periodically.


Handling of your data

For any details regarding the use and handling of you data please review the privacy policy.


Contact

For any further question you can contact return@tadris.de.